# MSW-Website

This repo is for my college work on Unit 14. For Unit 14 I needed to create a website for the company MSW (Mark Special Woods) taking into account the purpose, target audience (everyone that wants a phone case), target devices (mobiles, laptops, tablets, desktops etc..) & how they will accommodate (Bootsrap, AnjularJS etc..), Key messages & USP (Unique Selling Proposition), sitemap (key pages & their relationship), overall navigation (tables, links, menus & dropdowns), visual styles (font, font sizes, colours, background & images).

Key messages & USP is that all their hard woods, both are locally grown and imported. Their aim is to provide cool designs with customisable features for any current smartphone & Their unique selling point will be full customisation with next day delivery.

**Task**: MWS require a website to advertise, catalogue and allow purchases of their products. You have been asked to develop the client side of the website.

**Scenario**: Two small businesses in Kent have decided to embark on a new enterprise. Mark Special Woods (MSW) have been supplying hardwoods to Mark Joinery (MJ) for a decade. Both companies supply to local builders and do not trade online. MSW can supply a variety of hard woods, both locally grown and imported. MJ have sophisticated CNC routers and laser cutters. Their joint company, Mark Wood Shell (MWS), is being formed to manufacture and sell wooden cases for mobile phones direct to customers. This will be an internet only business. Whereas both companies have been privately owned by families and run in a traditional manner, the new, also privately owned, MWS is in the hands of two of the new generation of the families, recent graduates, technically knowledgeable and enthusiastic about creating a vibrant product range. Their aim is to provide cool designs with customisable features for any current smartphone from Apple, Samsung, Sony, LG, HTC, Motorola and Nexus. Their unique selling point will be full customisation with next day delivery. Initial capital for the company is being provided equally by MSW and MJ. A separate production line has been established at MJ’s factory. The owners also want to encourage active customer participation in allowing them to create designs and patterns for the cases and share them in a gallery. Other customers can order those designs and a credit would be applied to the original designer’s account for future purchases.
